Copies Atlas CLI commands for release tag: atlascli/v1.40.0 (#947)
mongodb/docs-atlas-cli: source/command/atlas-api-serverlessInstances-listServerlessInstances.txt

`experimental <https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/cli/current/command/atlas-api/>`_: Returns details for all serverless instances in the specified project.

> To use this resource, the requesting API Key must have the Project Read Only role. This endpoint also lists Flex clusters that were created using the createServerlessInstance endpoint or former Serverless instances that have been migrated to Flex clusters, until January 2026 after which this endpoint will be sunset. Continuous backups are not supported and serverlessContinuousBackupEnabled will not take effect on these clusters. Please use the listFlexClusters endpoint instead. This command is invoking the endpoint with OperationID: 'listServerlessInstances'. For more information about flags, format of --file and examples, see: https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/reference/api-resources-spec/v2/#tag/Serverless-Instances/operation/listServerlessInstances

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use this resource, the requesting API Key must have the Project Read Only role. This endpoint also lists Flex clusters that were created using the createServerlessInstance endpoint or former Serverless instances that have been migrated to Flex clusters, until January 2026 after which this endpoint will sunset. Continuous backups are not supported and serverlessContinuousBackupEnabled will not take effect on these clusters. Use the listFlexClusters endpoint instead. This command invokes the endpoint with OperationID: 'listServerlessInstances'. For more information about flags, format of --file and examples, see: https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/reference/api-resources-spec/v2/#tag/Serverless-Instances/operation/listServerlessInstances
```
